you
hi this project Boyd today I have
another very very powerful principle for
you this principle is going to help you
to avoid having negative relationships
avoid isolating yourself isolating other
people from your life and start having
much more positive social interactions
as well as bringing much more mental
clarity into your life and be able to
move forward in the positive direction
of your goals the ultimate success you
want to create your life and this is the
powerful principle of non judgmental ism
being non-judgmental now humans we like
to categorize things we like to create
good and bad black and white honorable
evil you know all these different
judgmental labels that we put onto
things they're they're really just
labels they're values that we set
arbitrarily on things in order to try to
influence people through what we used to
call moralism being moral this is good
this is bad this is what you should do
this is what you shouldn't do this is a
good person this is a bad person this is
a good thing this is a bad thing all
this can serve a purpose can serve value
but in our relationships and in our
thinking it can be very detrimental
because what it causes us to do is to
then label things very quickly even
before we even become conscious of it
but we can take conscious control this
process we label things as bad and good
and when we do that when we say this is
bad and we do that quickly we actually
limit our ability to find the value in
that thing we limit our ability to
actually open our minds and see what we
could have benefited from from learning
from that relationship we we close our
minds to the good and it becomes a very
rigid way of thinking a very rigid way
of thinking and behaving in the world
that then limits our ability to find new
opportunities and new possibilities
because really the universe is infinite
possibility and our lives can become
infinite possibility and we can become
infinite possibility when we embrace
non-judgmental ism being non-judgmental
so it is a tall order you might be
saying well how can
I become non-judgmental when society my
parents my religion my peer group all of
them have put into my mind what is good
what is bad and I've lived this way for
so long I instantly slay both things as
good in bed the first step is awareness
which I have just gave in you now that
you know the detriments of being
non-judgmental and labeling things as
good or bad you have now taken the first
step in controlling the process and now
you can be able to start looking at your
mind and seeing and noticing when you
start labeling categories and labeling
things in your life and putting them
into these categories of good or bad you
have first you have taken control the
first step of the process so when
something comes into your life a person
an idea be open accept it allow it don't
do anything with it at first just
observe observe and be like it's as if a
bird flew into your house and you see
the bird and you're not going to do
anything at first you're just gonna look
at it and you're gonna observe it and
you're gonna say wow there's a bird in
my house and you're just gonna observe
the situation and and not take action
instantly so that's the idea is you want
to take it as if it's a bird flying into
your house any person any idea just
first observe it and then you can start
interacting with it possibly and then be
open to the idea that it can be anything
just look at it as it is it can be
anything it doesn't have to be good or
bad it doesn't have to be this it
doesn't even have to be labeled as a
bird it could just be an interesting
sight an interesting color pattern that
you just noticed look at it and just
observe it and in contemplating say hmm
I wonder what that what what what the
possibilities lie in this situation what
the possibilities lie with this new item
that has entered my reality my awareness
is the interesting thing is most things
that we observe are actually first
created in our minds anyways and so why
would we judge something that we have
created why would we try to limit the
possibilities of what we can create in
our life through judging things as good
or bad
and you want to treat this the same way
as you treat people also treat them as
you don't know you have no idea yet you
are looking for an answer you're looking
for observation and you can actually
leave your life with this way all times
at all times simply observing and simply
keeping an open mind like an open
parachute and capturing everything
that's around you and just simply
absorbing it and into your awareness and
that allows you to have infinite
possibility to be able to act in a lot
of ways that most people wouldn't that
actually gives you more flexibility and
more power in all situations you can
have more freedom to actually choose
your reactions and choose how you want
to move forward and contemplate and
think about things so it's a very big
topic it's a very big concept but
there's a lot of power in it so I don't
want you to judge this concept and and
try to put a label on it
just accept it right now and play with
it in your mind play with it like a new
toy you're a little kid back in
Christmas Eve getting your new toy and
just playing with it and just trying to
see all the different things you can do
with it treat this idea as that same
approach that you would take as a child
getting a new toy so hope it helps hope
you use the concept hope you start
playing with the concept of
non-judgmental ISM being non-judgmental
and realizing the power that it has in
your life and it can have in your life
and in the world feel free to leave a
comment or question below love hear
thoughts on this also feel free to visit
my website below get a free video and
also get on my free newsletter for more
powerful information and tips and feel
free to also follow me on Facebook or
Twitter at project Boyd and share this
video with whoever you feel it would
benefit in their life and as always I
hope thanks for watching I hope you have
an awesome incredible fantastic amazing
rest of the day as usual and I will talk
with you at a later time